Add a checklist for production (#157)
breez/breez-sdk-docs: src/guide/production.md

</custom-tabs>

To obtain a certificate for a production environment, please register [here](https://greenlight.blockstream.com/) and make sure to notify your LSP(s).

## Production checklist

> There are some usecases where you need to verify that are implemented correctly. Here is a checklist that you can use to verify that your application is production ready.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are some use cases where you need to verify that they are implemented correctly. Here is a checklist you can use to verify that your application is production ready.
```

Author: Done

> - **Closed channels**: Make sure you allow your users to redeem their onchain balance in case their channels were closed. see [Handling channel closures](guide/closed_channels.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Closed channels**: Make sure you allow your users to redeem their onchain balance in case their channels were closed. See [Handling channel closures](closed_channels.md)
```

Author: Done

- **Pending payments**: Payments always contain a status field that can be used to determine if the payment was completed or not. Make sure you handle the case where the payment is still pending by showing the correct status to the user.

> - **Handle swaps refunds**: Swaps that are the result of [Receiving an On-Chain Transaction](guide/receive_onchain.md) may not be completed and turn into `Refundable` state. Make sure you handle this case correctly by allowing the user to retry the [refund](receive_onchain.html#refund-a-swap) with different fees as long as the refund is not confirmed. A confirmed refund changes the swap status from `Refundable` to `Completed`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Handle swaps refunds**: Swaps that are the result of [Receiving an On-Chain Transaction](receive_onchain.md) may not be completed and change to `Refundable` state. Make sure you handle this case correctly by allowing the user to retry the [refund](receive_onchain.html#refund-a-swap) with different fees as long as the refund is not confirmed. A confirmed refund changes the swap status from `Refundable` to `Completed`.
```

Author: Done

> 

Author: @ok300 I added the swap-in/out section as you suggested. I feel that the LNURL is too much here as this section should be IMO very simple to understand. What do you think? Do you strongly feel that we should include the LNURL stuff?

> 

Reviewer 2: No its ok, then we can leave it out.

You're right, it's less related to Breez SDK and more LNURL-specific.

> - **Connect**: Create a Lightning node (connect) only when users are interested to receive in Lightning (not on the app startup).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Connect**: Create a Lightning node (connect) only when users are interested to receive payments with Lightning (not on the app startup).
```
